# SOTM-US update  
	Bid is likely to be out in autumn  
	Continuing to work on edit-a-thons to build community  
  

# Project Updates  
## DonateSTL  
	Name change to Donative  
	Meeting twice a week on project  
	Need backend development in Rails, especially deploying a RESTful API  
	Need technical advice on creating a Charity API  
	Need legal consulting  
  
## StlFood  
	Working to arrange meeting with St Louis Area Food Bank after July 4th  
	Food network data will be available soon  
  
## AbandonedSTL  
	No one available  
  
## GTFS_Search_Near  
	Not really moving forward at this time  
	Need to rebuild project with a new team?  
	Re-check in with Metro, especially programmer  
	Looking for people interested in continuing project  
  
# Introduction and other updates  
  
Peter Griess  
	Working on crime analysis (crimedb.org)  
Jon Leek and Mark Comfort  
	High school hackathon league  
	Better displaying and explaining how city and county work  
Bill Schwulst  
	Looking for help with a scraping script  
Carl Filler - St Louis Health Department  
	Interested in https://www.foodbornechicago.org/ for St Louis  
	Creating health resources for people using mobile phones for internet access  
	Food inspections data-Stack of papers in office that could be converted to LIVES (http://foodinspectiondata.us/)  
Surilla Shaw - St Louis Public Schools Health Services  
	Under-insured or uninsured parents - effects show up in children  
	How can we help parents keep in touch with resources and find health referrals when dropped from insurance?  
	What information can we provide and how can we get it to people? (Digital Divide issues)  
		Currently being managed by school nurses  
	Need to collect information on who has insurance, and if they are using it or how they are using it  

#Brigade  
Code until Dawn will be partly a civic hack night http://www.meetup.com/codeuntildawn-stlouis/  
Will work on having a "city hall" hack night, immediately after work day in a city building  
Brigade planning docs  
	Available to fork and make pull requests at https://github.com/OpenDataSTL/brigade-docs  
Have skills but not sure what project you can help with?  
	Contact @jon_leek http://twitter.com/jon_leek  
## Brigade stages  
	We are already a stage 2 brigade  
	Activities for Stage 2:  
		Participate in a national Code for America event. Currently these are CodeAcross in February and National Day of Civic Hacking in late May/early June.  
		Hold a consistent hack night for six months from the date of your 1:1 with Communities staff.  
		Find a municipal partner.  
		Fill two of three Core Member roles.  
		Partner with a non-civic tech community organization on a project.  
## Midwest Brigade region  
	New project to coordinate brigades on a regional level instead of national level  
