**These notes are incomplete because I was both talking and taking notes in - I will edit and finish them up ASAP**

### Paul Sorenson - GoodMap

* Works at Grace Hill
* GoodMap has been around for about two years - is there a better way to find/share community resources online - homeless services, United Way 211, etc.
* Information for non-profits better organized so that they can serve low income residents looking for resources
* Developed with Giant Hat on Ruby on Rails over last couple of years
* Search for a category and resources pop up with various refinements (service areas, categories of resource, etc.)
* Right now there are 2,000 resource listings in there - a lot but not nearly all the services out there
* If you have an account you can edit/save/share resources as well as create a "guide" (a collection of resources that you frequently use that can be public or private) - room within your account for personalized notes ("follow up with so-and-so")
* GoodMap is a 501c3
* Want to "open up" GoodMap - free access to anyone who wants it, better systems for inputing/updating tool, if this is a community tool, what does that look like?
* Currently we have to upload via a precise spreadsheet
* How do we find and upload a complete series of resources
* What would it look like if GoodMap became an Open Source software project instead of working with one developer?  What are the options?
* Tie in with OpenReferral project/211

Q&A
* Is software open? Isn't currently Open Source but they are open to it
* Is the data in the website itself licensed or is it truly open?  Suggestion to formalize the openness of the data explicitly.
* Suggestion to work more closely with public libraries
* Question about lowest hanging fruit - most likely social service and community development services, which could also be used by healthcare providers to connect peope to services
* Resources that you can mine to get the data?  People tend to collect in pockets. And some data sources are in PDF and not in a friendly format.  990 data will tell you whether a business exists (maybe) but there is no quality control or information about what resources the services actually provide
* Post contact info in meetup comment

### Hackathon for the Homeless
* Announcement - on Meetup page
* Gamification is an idea to integrate into the application - great motivator if you're game
* Scatter jam
* 
### Courts research

* Recap - emphasis that we Don't know the grant amount, don't know our scope, etc.
* Get in touch with Eleanor if you want to be part of framing the scope and activities
* MORE - shut down the courts dot com - at the very bottom there is information about court monitoring and research right now - they know what they want to do but they don't know 
* MORE - also does a scorecard (Paul) - agenda is much bigger than courts - contacting every  Mayor and every official in courts and create a scorecard.  Not sure how they are formatting data though

### Elections

* Announcements of elections
* trainings coming up for each of the roles
* Elections process - starting nominations now.  Elections in May.  New leadership team announced at Build4STL.

### Communications

*Other Code for America? Slack & google groups would be helpful.  Dahl - meetup as a service has moved to a messaging service which isn't really very organic.  Either slack or google groups would make it easier to provide groups and teams and not overwhlemed.  
* Standardization of a document that each project could use - a template - these are the team members, these are the tasks, etc. - makes it easier to put things in one place.
* 
### GTFS data 

### Erin - 

* Erin  - State Integrity Investigator - state level - if you have experience requesting things from the State via sunshine law, what kind of response did you get?  how long did it take?  Etc.  Center for Public Integrity publication.  Research process will be going on until November - let Erin know about your experience requesting things using the Sunshine law from the state.  In Missouri, because we don't have an administrative body that helps people facilitate and appeal requests, it can be really difficult.
* Juristat has done the ton of that with the most obstinate people
* There isn't supposed to be such a thing as an "informal" request - every public entity is supposed to treat every request as a sunshine request - so yes, please do talk
* 

### Build for STL

* another work day has been planned - not a meeting, just a "get shit done" time
* Our event for National Day of Civic Hacking.
* We're doing Bulid4STL the whole month of May - last year we tried to do 17 events in one weekend, but that caused a lot of conflicts
* This week we are reaching out to other meetups to see if they want to make their May event "civic focused" - and we'll publicize their meetup group with Build4STL - this will fill the "training sessions" spots.  Let's join existing groups.
* Doing another documentary
* Working with Urban Harvest STL again
* Youth Learning Center event again - possibly with ESRI
* New event this year with Earhbound - Open Source brewathon - a way to introduce concept of open source to non-developers
* To end all this, weekend of May 29th we will have a civic tech volunteer fair.  Non-profits could meet tech volunteers like us - developers, data science people, design, games.  Make those connections.
* Volunteer fair conversations and ideas will help feed the hackathon
* No prizes for hackathon this year - competitive nature caused some issues - would rather have a community/collaborative focus
* Requirement that projects be Open Source up until the point the Hackathon ends - if you want to start a company later, you can, but what you built over the weekend will be open source
* Theme = Make St. Louis a Better Place
* Past winners - Continuum, DonateSTL
* If you don't have an idea
* Want to encourage non-code projects as well - gardening, design/form simplification, making games, etc.
* GitHub training
* Redesigning website
* St. Louis is one of the most charitable cities in the country and this is a great way to show that
* Way to submit ideas - "submit a challenge" form
* Great opportunity to get something prototyped
* Work day this Saturday
* Get new websites live this weekend
* Opetions for locations - Peabody, Convention Center, TRex, CIC, etc.

### GEneral Chatter

* http://www.metrostlouis.org/About/DeveloperResource.aspx
* Full route data is 16 MNB but the real time data is only 24 kb or so and is updated every 10 seconds - you can just call it
* Transit Screen - a big giant screen that runs real time data - connect Metro with that site and potentially do a screen at Convention Center
* Specific needs from St. Paticks Center for Hackathon for the Homeless
* Aldermanic votes
* MOAR DATASETS
* CartoDB map of municipal fines - Brett's Code Across map suddenly had 57K - grabbed Brett's map and embedded it in the article - quarter million carto db hits ended up getting picked up by national media.   


